on Saturday April twelfth at wind youth
center we had the seventh annual Lyle
ooh handbag fashion show it was a great
event and it started a long time ago
with the girls from lalu coming on over
and helping us teach our kids at wind
how to sew and you can see that they got
into it and so a lot of effort went into
this and a lot of people are responsible
for the event we're grateful to board
members that was Paul McClure for
showing up and for all the hard work
that all the kids put in from the high
schools special thanks goes out to
Skyler Morris and also to Lisa nuit they
are presidents of lalu and we also want
to thank Missy kinder for all her hard
work thanks Missy there she is now
Lisa Inouye president of lalu one of the
presidents are you the president I'm one
of the peasants are you feeling right
now are you ready yeah are you all
organizing stuff to go hopefully Oh
nervous are you well it looks great out
there miss Schuyler you're the other
president are you feeling how advice
person how you feeling yeah are you
nervous cuz everybody's are you guys
nervous or watch alright I can't wait to
see you guys on the runway Missy you
ready hey I'm ready yeah talks your
daddy so ready Oh over ready we're life
is what we are you part of the la lucru
you know I'm here to help well you look
great what do you got what are you doing
I know did you look at them are you
handling the cupcakes yes you're the
official cupcake Sandler and what are
you doing you don't like being on camera
I look great in pink I don't know why
not wow these are beautiful cupcakes the
executive the right even though even the
executive director is here
kissing the babies greeting ladies hello
senator Darrell Steinberg we're glad
you're here at lie low event thank you
for coming out well I'm so happy to be
here and I want to thank everyone from
wind I want to thank Libby for having
the vision to start this and I want to
thank all the young people are showing
that this community can work together
and that there is always hope and no
young person has ever forgotten and that
every kid deserves a chance and I'm just
so proud to be here in the support wind
and doing the good work that it's done I
congratulate all the great artists and I
hope that the purses go for a high price
absolutely i'm getting loose yeah
they're looking pretty good have you
seen them over there you have another
let's go where right now i'm at the
cupcakes right we'll enjoy your company
it's hard to leave the cupcakes i'm
going to be honest but we'll get over to
the purses in just a minute feels good
thanks again for being here we
appreciate it happy to be here thank you
oh ok I was a lie live events and choose
a lot of work to help us out with this
event to get it going it to continue it
and to help us out with this wonderful
center we have here so let's give
Birmingham we would also like to
recognize him or Darrell Steinberg and
his son are able to get for you you're
going to look your good look great in
that sexy leather shirt yeah we want to
thank Ramona and Missy they've been a
big part of this whole process
you know 30 minutes the highest bidder
all the money we're going to start
hey
Oh
this is ben
removal
Stella
Oh